Mention end2end tests in dev guide (#1651)
google/timesketch: docs/Developers-Guide.md

frontend dependencies installed.

For more information:

```python
! run_tests.py --help
```

To run frontend tests in watch mode, cd to `frontend` directory and use

```python
! yarn run test --watch
```

To run TSLint in watch mode, use

```python
! yarn run lint --watch
```

> To run a single test (there are multiple ways to do it), open a shell in the docker container:

Reviewer: multiple ways to do it, yet only one that is provided....

what about just 

```shell
$ sudo docker exec -it $CONTAINER_ID nosetests /usr/local/src/timesketch/timesketch/lib/emojis_test.py -v
```

```

Author: yes this line I have not touched to the previous just wanted to give newlines before and after the `

Author: but I will add it

To introduce a new API endpoint to be tested, the endpoint needs to be registered in the ```url_router``` section in ```/api_client/python/timesketch_api_client/test_lib.py``` and the response needs to be defined in the same file.

#### end2end tests

> End2end (e2e) tests are used at Github with every commit. Those tests will setup and run with a real elasticsearch and data imported. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
End2end (e2e) tests are run on Github with every commit. Those tests will setup and run a full Timesketch instance, with the ability to import data and perform actions with it.
```

To run the e2e-tests locally execute to setup the e2e docker images and run them:

```bash
sh end_to_end_tests/tools/run_in_container.py
```

The tests are stored in:

```shell
end_to_end_tests/*.py
```

And the sample data (currently a plaso file and a csv) is stored in:

```shell
end_to_end_tests/test_data/
```

#### Writing end2end tests

> While writing end2end tests it is recommended to create a symling to the source files.

Reviewer: `symling to ` ? are you referring to a simlink, and why simlink instead of copy to the folder

Reviewer: ah... I read below... 

I would rather say `recommended` you can say `one approach to make it easier to develop these e2e tests is to create a simlink to the source files, in order for the changes to the files being reflected in the container`

Another way would be to simply mount the TS source code to this folder, the /usr/local/lib/pytho.....

Author: Good point, will add that

The following example is for changing / adding tests to ```client_test.py```
```shell
$ export CONTAINER_ID="$(sudo -E docker container list -f name=e2e_timesketch -q)"
$ docker exec -it $CONTAINER_ID /bin/bash
! rm /usr/local/lib/python3.8/dist-packages/end_to_end_tests/client_test.py
! ln -s /usr/local/src/timesketch/end_to_end_tests/client_test.py /usr/local/lib/python3.8/dist-packages/end_to_end_tests/client_test.py
```

From now on you can edit the ```client_test.py``` file outside of the docker instance and run it again with

```shell

> ! python3 /usr/local/src/timesketch/end_to_end_tests/tools/run_in_container.py

Reviewer: or run with 

```shell
$ sudo docker exec -it .....
```
